I am reading so behind the events which
would be I right now as we going on for
30 minutes now I'm about a 30-minute
booster work right away I need backup
so this is a DJI immunity photo
so this lot my friends are gonna be
there
hopefully it'll still be there when I
get there I do a lot of videos to edit
and upload and you know y'all come first
very long ride me all right let's go
or charging
you at all
oh my gosh can I live here I'm gonna fly
they're flying the new phantom floor
yes yeah we out here in the East Village
it could not be more beautiful Daisy
it's actually perfect
so I like 4550 degrees
[Music]
look at those views so good thank you
guys I haven't introduced into the vlog
yet but what's your name what do you do
oh come on Ollie so this is Ollie he's
from the Land of Oz and he does the
instagrams yeah
anything else are you on the YouTube and
there you Joey I still need so you got
your edit out today right look who it is
oh this is about major to picture
ecology stuck with you
this is the bnh podcast on my quest
survive I guess internet people they are
Instagram as they are youtubers they
Craig with a k' how to vodka my coffee
yet so with that information I'd say
away dandy I think we need coffee can we
go get coffee cup cup cup cup got it no
yep we are in the East Village just the
same scheffers hood trying to find
coffee
[Music]
black coffee club this is a huge huge
clearing where a lot of people come in
to Street skating ah drinking our
coffees oh yeah
[Music]
whenever whatever my friend comes to
hang out I was like yo have you watched
the vlog no no gotta make them watch the
vlog it's weird because I talk to you
that's like the requirement Oh like you
want to be friends with me you got to
keep up with my the last time you
saw Ian in my vlogs was for that little
documentary I helped film at VidCon
called internet internet
cry oh gosh winning about how he's
watching it and crying looks incredible
not only is he a mover and a shaker I've
been trying to get him to move freakin
New York forever and it might happen
soon but a big thing is happening
tonight and I think it's gonna happen
tonight what do you already really got
going - Oh Mike I'm about to hit a
million subscribers oh my gosh please
explain to the people what life noggin
is life noggin is an animated
educational youtube series that i've
been running with my friends for two and
a half years Wow and it congrat it's
crazy I mean you're gonna hit a million
yeah in like the next hour I'd like save
I've been on YouTube since 2008
Wow I could name yeah
yeah crazy that was a terrible high-five
you don't know uh hey yeah just hit a
million subscribers oh my gosh how do
you feel I you speechless yeah there's
only one thing to do is it you know what
it is yeah Froyo
but there's one more thing what's that
is you can only do one thing when you
hit a million subscribers I'm terrified
it's to get turnt oh no no Congrats life
no you go subscribe to the life noggin
channel thank you if you're subscribed
you're the best because this is cinnamon
and they're on to five million and
they're incredible but tell them what is
it life noggin is an animated
educational youtube channel if you want
to learn about the world yeah what is in
titles like it's o what it what if the
earth doubled in size what if you never
left your bed
what if Jupiter never existed which is
like I don't really care about Jupiter
but it's actually cool what they know
yeah
[Music]
I don't need the lamp harder but I just
somehow have to figure out how to attach
my camera to this end
[Music]